{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red254\green191\blue193;\red252\green77\blue84;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16500\viewh9220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.theflov.com/en"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 http://www.theflov.com/en}}
\f0\fs24  - Failed - 2 errors\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	1.	}Error
\b0 : Attribute 
\f1 xmlns:og
\f0  not allowed here.\uc0\u8232 From line 4, column 34; to line 5, column 31\u8232 
\f1 IE)]><!-->
\f2\b \cb3  <html class="no-js" lang="en" dir="ltr" 
\f3 \cf4 \uc0\u8617 
\f2 \cf0   xmlns:og="http://ogp.me/ns#">
\f1\b0 \cb2  <!--<
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
Not sure how to fix this error, maybe something is wrong with the class "no-js".\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	2.	}Error
\b0 : The 
\f1 profile
\f0  attribute on the 
\f1 head
\f0  element is obsolete. To declare which 
\f1 meta
\f0  terms are used in the document, instead {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/MetaExtensions"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 register the names as meta extensions}}. To trigger specific UA behaviors, use a 
\f1 link
\f0  element instead.\uc0\u8232 From line 5, column 49; to line 7, column 51\u8232 
\f1 [endif]-->
\f3\b \cf4 \cb3 \uc0\u8617 \u8617 
\f2 \cf0 <head profile="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml/vocab">
\f3\b0 \cf4 \cb2 \uc0\u8617 
\f1 \cf0   <me
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
Something is wrong with the head profile. I had no idea profile was an attribute to head.\
\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://html5gallery.com/2013/02/thibault-jorge/"}}{\fldrslt http://html5gallery.com/2013/02/thibault-jorge/}} - Failed - 3 erros\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0
\b\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	1.	}Error
\b0 : Attribute 
\f1 pubdate
\f0  not allowed on element {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-time-element"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf5 time}} at this point.\uc0\u8232 From line 49, column 69; to line 50, column 64\u8232 
\f1 :</dt><dd>
\f2\b \cb3 <time
\f3 \cf4 \uc0\u8617 
\f2 \cf0 class="entry-date" datetime="2013-02-20T23:28:03+00:00" pubdate>
\f1\b0 \cb2 Februa
\f0 \uc0\u8232 Attributes for element {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-time-element"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf5 time}}:\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#global-attributes"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 Global attributes}}\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#attr-time-datetime"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf5 \ul \ulc5 datetime}}\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 Apparently you can put a time element at that point.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls4\ilvl0
\b\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	2.	}Error
\b0 : Bad value  for attribute 
\f1 cols
\f0  on element {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-textarea-element"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf5 textarea}}: The empty string is not a valid positive integer.\uc0\u8232 From line 71, column 53; to line 71, column 149\u8232 
\f1 nt</label>
\f2\b \cb3 <textarea id="comment" class="comment-text" name="comment" cols="" rows="8" aria-required="true">
\f1\b0 \cb2 </text
\f0 \uc0\u8232 Syntax of positive integer:\u8232 One or more digits (
\f1 0
\f0 \'96
\f1 9
\f0 ), with at least one which is non-zero. For example: 
\f1 42
\f0  is valid, but 
\f1 00
\f0  is not.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 Not sure how to fix this error.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls5\ilvl0
\b\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	3.	}Error
\b0 : Bad value 
\f1 licence
\f0  for attribute 
\f1 rel
\f0  on element {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-a-element"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf5 a}}: The string 
\f1 licence
\f0  is not a registered keyword or absolute URL.\uc0\u8232 From line 142, column 154; to line 143, column 71\u8232 
\f1 d under a 
\f2\b \cb3 <a
\f3 \cf4 \uc0\u8617 
\f2 \cf0 href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/uk/" rel="licence">
\f1\b0 \cb2 Creati
\f0 \uc0\u8232 Syntax of link type valid for <a> and <area>:\u8232 A whitespace-separated list of link types, with no duplicate keywords in the list. Each link type must be listed as allowed on 
\f1 <a>
\f0  and 
\f1 <area>
\f0  in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/multipage/links.html#linkTypes"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 HTML specification}}, or must be listed as allowed on 
\f1 <a>
\f0  and 
\f1 <area>
\f0  on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://microformats.org/wiki/existing-rel-values#HTML5_link_type_extensions"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 Microformats wiki}}, or must be an absolute URL. 
\b You can register link types on the{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://microformats.org/wiki/existing-rel-values#HTML5_link_type_extensions"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 Microformats wiki}} yourself.
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.blacktie.es/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.blacktie.es/}} - Failed - 1 error\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls6\ilvl0
\b\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	1.	}Error
\b0 : Attribute 
\f1 xmlns:fb
\f0  not allowed here.\uc0\u8232 From line 1, column 16; to line 2, column 51\u8232 
\f1 TYPE html>
\f3\b \cf4 \cb3 \uc0\u8617 
\f2 \cf0 <html lang="es-ES" xmlns:fb="http://ogp.me/ns/fb#">
\f3\b0 \cf4 \cb2 \uc0\u8617 
\f1 \cf0 <head
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 es-ES not recognized, has something to do with language. It's a spanish site so I'm not sure.\
\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.redlinepe.co.uk/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.redlinepe.co.uk/}} - Failed - 1 error\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls7\ilvl0
\b\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 {\listtext	1.	}Error
\b0 : Bad value 
\f1 title
\f0  for attribute 
\f1 name
\f0  on element {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#the-meta-element"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf5 meta}}: Keyword 
\f1 title
\f0  is not registered.\uc0\u8232 From line 8, column 3; to line 8, column 107\u8232 
\f1 t="" />
\f3 \cf4 \uc0\u8617 
\f1 \cf0   
\f2\b \cb3 <meta name="title" content="Redline Engineering - AC Cobra & AC Car Specialists - Redline Engineering" />
\f3\b0 \cf4 \cb2 \uc0\u8617 
\f1 \cf0   <me
\f0 \uc0\u8232 Syntax of metadata name:\u8232 A metadata name listed in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/multipage/semantics.html#standard-metadata-names"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 HTML specification}} or listed in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/MetaExtensions"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 WHATWG wiki}}. 
\b You can register metadata names on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/MetaExtensions"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 WHATWG wiki}} yourself.
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 The matadata is not recognized. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}